Description
By undertaking this assignment you will enhance your understanding of the marketing concept of customer loyalty. First, you will write a literature review of about 500-600 words, entitled Should organisations stop trying to delight their customers? Second, you will analyse a given dataset, interpret the results, and then, based on both your readings and your conclusions from the analysis, prepare a report for an audience of senior marketing professionals.
In writing your report you need to be mindful that your audience is unlikely to possess the same level of technical expertise as you, and therefore the language you use in writing your report needs to take this into account.
Dataset
The dataset is contained in the file MIS784_A1_T3_2020.xlsx which can be downloaded from the unit site on CloudDeakin. The file contains results from a survey on Personal Banking. One hundred and ninety-one respondents answered three questions:
1. Thinking of your overall personal banking experience, how satisfied are you with your main bank for personal banking services?
2. How likely would you be to recommend your main bank to friends and colleagues for personal banking?
3. Suppose that any contractual obligations or other barriers to switching from your main bank do not apply. If you were to choose one bank today to manage your personal banking, which one would you choose?
The analysis should be directed towards investigating the following:
1. The relationship between customer satisfaction and intention to recommend
2. Whether there is any evidence to support either intention to recommend or customer satisfaction being a better predictor of customer loyalty.
Specific Requirements
Analysis
Students are expected to complete the analysis task in MS-Excel. The analysis file is to be a part of your submission.
Before submitting your analysis, make sure it is logically organised and any incorrect or unnecessary output has been removed. In your Excel file all calculated numbers are expected to be tied to appropriate Excel functions.
Page 2 of 8
Report structure
Your report should be comprised of the following sections in this sequence:
1. Literature review
2. Interpretation
3. Recommendations
4. Appendix
5. List of references cited in the report.
A cover page is not required for the report.
Literature review section (as a guide only: 500-600 words)
Start by reading through the Written Communication Toolbox located under the unit site’s Assessment Resources. This module is designed to provide you with a practical toolbox to write clearly, effectively and professionally. Section 1.5 covers the key points in writing a literature review and section 1.6 has an example of a literature review, entitled NPS – Management Science or Fake Science?
The articles on which your review will be based are listed below under References. When you are reading these articles, keep in mind that there is a difference between academic and professional literature. Articles appearing in scholarly journals (such as the Journal of Marketing) are more rigorous and systematic in their research process and have been peer reviewed by other academics in the field. In contrast, the Harvard Business Review publishes articles by industry professionals or consultants who may have commercial interests related to the opinions they espouse.
Use the following link to a presentation that will help you to start thinking about the topic ‘Should organisations stop trying to delight their customers?’
https://www.google.com/search?q=Should+we+Delight+our+Customers%3F+Two+Perspectives&rlz=1C1GCEB_enAU898AU898&oq=Should+we+Delight+our+Customers%3F+Two+Perspectives+&aqs=chrome..69i57.1437j0j15&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8
Do not include this presentation in your reference list, nor refer to it in your literature review, as it is background reading only.
Interpretation section (as a guide only: 400-500 words)
The interpretation section must be based on the findings from your analysis of the given dataset. This section is important because it will provide you with the information you need to make more informed recommendations.
Recommendation section (as a guide only: 400-500 words)
Recommend a course of action based on what you have learnt about NPS and customer satisfaction from both your readings and your analysis. It is important that you justify your recommendation.
Recommend a course of action for your audience regarding the value of tracking any or all of customer satisfaction, intention to recommend, and customer loyalty. Your recommendations must be supported by either your literature review and/or the findings from your analysis.
Page 3 of 8
Appendix section
This section will include all of the graphics/diagrams/illustrations that enable the main findings from your analysis and/or literature review to be readily understood by your audience
